Document plex.tv account linking for Plex Connect players (mobile visibility) (#755)
music-assistant/music-assistant.io: src/content/docs/plugins/plex-connect.md

## Features

- Any MA player can be exposed as a Plex Connect target, including groups
- Players are automatically discovered by desktop and web Plex clients via GDM (Good Day Mate) broadcasts on the local network

> - Players can optionally be linked with your Plex account (plex.tv), which makes them visible in the Plexamp mobile apps (iOS/Android)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Players can optionally be linked with a Plex account (plex.tv), which makes them visible in the Plexamp mobile apps (iOS/Android)
```

Keeping it third person passive

- **Device Class**: how the player shows up in Plex apps. Choose from Speaker, Phone, Tablet, Set-Top Box, TV, PC or Cloud.
- **Network Port** (advanced): the TCP port this player is reachable on. Leave it empty to have Music Assistant pick a free port and remember it, so the instance keeps the same port after a restart.

> ### Linking with your Plex account (required for mobile apps)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Linking with a Plex account (required for mobile apps)
```

> Desktop and web Plex clients discover Plex Connect players on the local network, but the Plexamp mobile apps (iOS/Android) build their cast list exclusively from the players registered on plex.tv. To make a player visible on mobile, link it with your Plex account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Desktop and web Plex clients discover Plex Connect players on the local network, but the Plexamp mobile apps (iOS/Android) build their cast list exclusively from the players registered on plex.tv. To make a player visible on mobile, link it with a Plex account:
```

1. In the plugin instance settings, click **Get plex.tv link code**.

> 2. Open [plex.tv/link](https://plex.tv/link) (signed in to your Plex account) and enter the 4-character code shown in the settings dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Open [plex.tv/link](https://plex.tv/link) (signed in to a Plex account) and enter the 4-character code shown in the settings dialog.
```

3. Back in Music Assistant, click **I have entered the code** and save the configuration.

> The player then appears in the cast menu of Plexamp on your phone within seconds. Linking is a one-time step per plugin instance: Music Assistant stores a device token and refreshes the registration automatically on startup. Use **Unlink from plex.tv** in the settings to undo it. Unlinking or removing the plugin instance does not remove the device entry from your Plex account - remove it under [Authorized Devices](https://app.plex.tv/desktop/#!/settings/devices/all) if desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The player then appears in the cast menu of Plexamp on the mobile device within seconds. Linking is a one-time step per plugin instance: Music Assistant stores a device token and refreshes the registration automatically on startup. Use **Unlink from plex.tv** in the settings to undo it. Unlinking or removing the plugin instance does not remove the device entry from the Plex account - remove it under [Authorized Devices](https://app.plex.tv/desktop/#!/settings/devices/all) if desired.
```

## Known Issues / Notes

- To use Plex Connect, all devices (including phones casting to the player) must be connected to the same network. Linking a player with plex.tv makes it *visible* to the mobile apps, but playback control still happens over the local network
- Players that are not linked with a Plex account are invisible to the Plexamp mobile apps, because those apps do not use local (GDM) discovery
- Timeline reporting to the Plex server is done on a per-player basis
- A queue loaded from Plex is capped at 100 tracks to keep loading and syncing responsive

> - Each plugin instance keeps the same network port across restarts. If you run several instances, give each one a different port, or leave the port empty and let Music Assistant pick and remember a free one for each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each plugin instance keeps the same network port across restarts. If several instances are being run, each one requires a different port, or leave the port empty and let Music Assistant pick and remember a free one for each
```
